So through the magic of television,
we didn't have to wait through that long
process, and
we've seen over 52,000 records.
If I take a look at the size
of these two files,
you see that there's a lot of things
that make this more efficient.
So the content file is 518
megabytes, half a gig.
And then it's only 219 megabytes,
and it took basically ten
plus minutes to read all the way through
this, do all the stuff, and write all this.
And we're going to find now that when we
read this, it's going to read really fast.
Because it's not even reading the whole
file when we're asking for things.
It's going to zoom through really fast.
So from now on, we are basically
working with index.sqlite and
we're going to be pulling stuff.
So this part took ten minutes,
this part took two days,
this part takes ten minutes, and
this you'll see just how fast gbasic runs.
It is still reading through every
bit of the data in index.sqlite.
So that's the next thing we're
going to take a look at.
So let's take a look at gbasic.py.
gbasic.py is just a general
pattern of a quick select, right?
So this one is the most understandable
of what we're going to do.
So we're going to read all the senders,
how many to dump.
We're going to open index.sqlite,
and get ourselves a cursor.
Grab these things,
load up all the senders into a dictionary.
The senders are now clean because part of
gmodel.py was to clean up the senders.
And we got the subjects,
we're going to read all those so
that means that everything is really fast.
And now we're going to go through all of
the messages and pull out the message ids,
the guids, and put those in so
that'll happen really fast.
And now, we're going to do a real simple
dictionary of the different
number of counts and
the different number of organizations.
The counts for per person and
per organization.
And so
I'm reading through all the messages.
I've got all this stuff in memory,
messages.items.
So we've added all these things together.
And it's got the data from the database,
sucked that into memory.
And so
we're going to loop through those things.
We'll pull out message sub 1, which
will be the person's email address.
And we'll say, sendcounts of sender equals, now
this is just a standard dictionary thing.
Finally, we do something
we're really familiar with,
we take the sendcounts of the sender and
add 1 to it.
Then we're going to get the organization
by tearing the email address apart and
taking the part after.
Hopefully there's two pieces,
there's the email and the organization.
The domain that we're
going to get is the pieces.
And then we're going to look at
the sending organization, subdomain name,
and add a count to that.
And then we are going to
print out these things.
And so we're going to go up from,
we going to sort them.
And then we're going to,
you sort these things and
print out up to the senders and
how many they’ve done.
And then print out the organizations and
how many that they've done.
So let's go ahead and run that.
Let's just drop the top 15 people and
organizations in this list, and
I use this to look for anomalies.
So there's the top 15 people,
top 15 email list participants,
and the top 15 email organizations.
So if I take the top 1,000,
that's going to be everybody.
So I can use this, I would use
this to kind of find anomalies and
clean up my data.
So I would just say, okay, run it.
Who are these people?
And then if I saw someone that
looked like the same person twice,
then I would move them.
And I might not have caught all
the mistakes that are in this.
So now that we have taken a look
at the basic statistics here,
that we've read through index.sqlite,
ran gbasic.py,
used the dictionary,
did some basic statistics on our stuff.
What we're going to do next is we're
going to read through the data again.
This time we're going to create a word
map of things and use gword.py.
So that's we're going to do next.